All right.
So let's discuss the implementation for general practice problem.
So what we are going to do, we are going to write this function that will take an empty string that
is that I am calling as output.
And during recursive calls this output is going to get generated and every time we hit the base case
will bring this output.
Okay, so we get the output we get and we get.
How many opening records have been there till now?
How many closing records we have, and what is the current index event history.
So I will fill the win positions in this output.
So once you are reached this point, you can take the string as full and we can print it so that will
form our base case.
So I did not add what index I am if I equals two n that means we have completely failed this output.
Ready to be output and we return.
Okay.
Otherwise we have two options.
We can play the opening bracket at I position and we can also place a closing bracket at the eighth
position.
But there is a condition if the count of opening bracket is less than and then we can put the opening
bracket.
So let's see in your output you are the opening bracket like this.
Then you pass in and count of open will become open plus £1 of close will become close and I will move
to the next index, eight plus one for the closing bracket.
If count of close is less, then count of open.
You can call it in rate brackets.
Output less a closing bracket.
And then we have open and kind of closed will be closed plus one and I plus one.
That's it.
Let's build the code.
Let's try to run the code.
And let me see.
I have three.
I get these.
Which is correct.
I have two.
I have five.
These are also correct.
Okay.
So let's just verify.
Yes, this is correct.
Output.
Now, one possible mistake that people can make is this.
So let me just tell you what I am doing, okay?
So I am.
In the beginning, the output is empty material.
So when I make a recursive call, I modified this output area.
I also get an email address opening record.
This call is not made from here.
I make maybe two calls because both of the conditions are true.
So I put another opening record and in another call I say the output is like this.
Okay.
So this is the output that is being received by my new function called look.
And this works.
Well, okay.
This is completely fine.
One thing that some people may do, instead of doing it like this, people might do it like this.
Output plus equals opening bracket and they will send the output and people will do like output plus
equals a closing bracket and they will send the output.
Now this will lead to wrong and let's see how I guess what if I had now run this code, maybe I and
three you can see this is not the correct output.
And what is the difference in writing code like this?
And the way I have to look is now what are you doing?
You are in this call.
You say, Look, in my output area, I will add the opening record user look.
Okay, I had an open opening bracket and give it to a new function that receives like this.
And from this you make another call in which you have already added opening bracket.
So you are another closing recorded and you give it to this function also.
Okay, now this will do wrong answer.
Okay.
Or from it.
You are opening record and then you are the closing record and you give it to a new function.
Now, this is not going to be true because you're not removing this one and you're adding actually to
the record in a single function, you're adding opening followed by closing, which is incorrect.
We want to add disclosing in place of opening record like this.
Okay.
We want to make it like this, not like this.
So this is actually a mistake.
We are modifying the same old pottery, which has been already been modified at this particular point.
Now, if you want to fix such kind of a solution, one one way we have already seen another way to fix
this is you remove the last corrective that you added by using or maybe a pop back statement that will
undo this statement.
Okay.
So this is also called us backtracking.
We while going back from this function goal, we can actually remove this opening bracket.
And clear, clear about output.
So we can do this.
And you can see if I do this fix then my on that is correct.
Okay.
To either use this way or the other way.
In this way we're modifying the same output string and in the previous way we are signing to modify
the copies.
Okay.
So all of this is also copy.
This is also copy.
But these two outputs are common.
Okay?
These two outputs are common.
That's why doing this ball back and lose this operation and then we are able to get the corrections
added.
But.
In the implementation that we have seen.
What you can do is, uh.
We have one output ready and we are modifying it in two different ways before sending to the next function
maybe once by putting a opening record here and once by dingo loading recorder.
Okay.
So this is also coming from somewhere.
So this is also going to be a sounding.
This as an output.
This is output.
And then we have a string object.
It is passed by value.
It passed by value.
We are making two copies of this particular string and that's it.
So I hope you really understood the logic and you will avoid potential pitfalls that we have discussed.
That's all for this lecture.
Thank you.